docs: add Command docs (#2635)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/concepts/low_level.md

graph.add_conditional_edges("node_a", routing_function, {True: "node_b", False: "node_c"})
```

!!! tip

>     Use [`Command`](#command) instead of conditional edges if you need to combine state updates and routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use [`Command`](#command) instead of conditional edges if you want to combine state updates and routing in a single function.
```

graph.add_conditional_edges("node_a", continue_to_jokes)
```

> ## `GraphCommand`

Reviewer 2: Could we somehow float this section to the top

```python
def my_node(state: State) -> GraphCommand[Literal["my_other_node"]]:
    return GraphCommand(update={"foo": "bar"}, goto="my_other_node")
```

These two lines is essentially everything a developer needs to know! Everything else is boiler plate

> Typically, LangGraph separates control flow (edges) from state updates (nodes). However, it is often beneficial to combine the two. For example, you might want to BOTH perform state updates AND decide which node to go next in the SAME node. LangGraph provides a way to combine control flow and node state updates using [`GraphCommand`][langgraph.graph.state.GraphCommand]. To do so, you can return a `GraphCommand` object from a node instead of a state update or `Send` objects.

Reviewer 2: grammar "decide which node to go next in the SAME node."

> Typically, LangGraph separates control flow (edges) from state updates (nodes). However, it is often beneficial to combine the two. For example, you might want to BOTH perform state updates AND decide which node to go next in the SAME node. LangGraph provides a way to combine control flow and node state updates using [`GraphCommand`][langgraph.graph.state.GraphCommand]. To do so, you can return a `GraphCommand` object from a node instead of a state update or `Send` objects.

Reviewer 2: nit: would see if possible to reduce text to 1-2 sentences

`GraphCommand` has the following properties:

>   - `goto`: optional, name of the node to navigate to next.

Reviewer 2: Tabular format may be easier on the eye

        If not specified, the graph will halt after executing the current superstep.

>   - `graph`: optional, graph to send the command to. Supported values are:

Reviewer 2: graph parameter should be first I think

    - `None`: the current graph (default)
    - `GraphCommand.PARENT`: parent graph.
  - `update`: optional, state update to apply to the graph's state at the current superstep.
  - `send`: optional, list of [`Send`](#send) objects to send to other nodes.
  - `resume`: optional, value to resume execution with. Will be used when `interrupt()` is called.

```python
from langgraph.graph import GraphCommand, StateGraph, START

> from typing_extensions import TypedDict, Literal

Reviewer 2: sort order

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: str

def my_node(state: State) -> GraphCommand[Literal["my_other_node"]]:
    return GraphCommand(update={"foo": "bar"}, goto="my_other_node")

def my_other_node(state: State):
    return {"foo": state["foo"] + "baz"}

builder = StateGraph(State)
builder.add_edge(START, "my_node")
builder.add_node("my_node", my_node)
builder.add_node("my_other_node", my_other_node)

graph = builder.compile()
```

With `GraphCommand` you can also achieve dynamic control flow behavior (identical to [conditional edges](#conditional-edges)):

```python
def my_node(state: State) -> GraphCommand[Literal["my_other_node", "__end__"]]:
    if state["foo"] == "bar":
        return GraphCommand(update={"foo": "baz"}, goto="my_other_node")
    else:
        return GraphCommand(goto="__end__")

> ```

Reviewer 2: link to how-to guide here for the example?

Author: yup!

graph.add_conditional_edges("node_a", continue_to_jokes)
```

## `GraphCommand`

> It can be useful to combine control flow (edges) and state updates (nodes). For example, you might want to BOTH perform state updates AND  decide which node to go to next in the SAME node. LangGraph provides a way to do so by returning a [`GraphCommand`][langgraph.graph.state.GraphCommand] object from node functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be useful to combine control flow (edges) and state updates (nodes). For example, you might want to BOTH perform state updates AND decide which node to go to next in the SAME node. LangGraph provides a way to do so by returning a [`GraphCommand`][langgraph.graph.state.GraphCommand] object from node functions:
```

```python
def my_node(state: State) -> GraphCommand[Literal["my_other_node"]]:
    return GraphCommand(
        # state update
        update={"foo": "bar"},
        # control flow
        goto="my_other_node"
    )
```

`GraphCommand` has the following properties:

> | Property | Description |

Reviewer 2: could you format?

Author: what do you mean? like bold?

| --- | --- |
| `graph` | Graph to send the command to. Supported values:<br>- `None`: the current graph (default)<br>- `GraphCommand.PARENT`: parent graph |

> | `goto` | Name of the node to navigate to next. Can be any node that belongs to the specified `graph` (current or parent). If `goto` not specified, the graph will halt after executing the current superstep. |

Reviewer: `If `goto` not specified, the graph will halt after executing the current superstep.` this is only true if there are no other edges out of this node, and no other nodes running at same time navigated elsewhere

Author: yup good point will clarify!

graph.add_conditional_edges("node_a", continue_to_jokes)
```

## `Command`

> 

Reviewer: I think you forgot to explain why it helps to decorate functions with Command type hint

Author: ya did that in the how to -- will copy over

It can be useful to combine control flow (edges) and state updates (nodes). For example, you might want to BOTH perform state updates AND decide which node to go to next in the SAME node. LangGraph provides a way to do so by returning a [`Command`][langgraph.types.Command] object from node functions:

```python
def my_node(state: State) -> Command[Literal["my_other_node"]]:
    return Command(
        # state update
        update={"foo": "bar"},
        # control flow
        goto="my_other_node"
    )
```

`Command` has the following properties:

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `graph` | Graph to send the command to. Supported values:<br>- `None`: the current graph (default)<br>- `Command.PARENT`: closest parent graph |
| `update` | State update to apply to the graph's state at the current superstep |
| `resume` | Value to resume execution with. Will be used when `interrupt()` is called |

> | `goto` | Can be one of the following:<br>- name of the node to navigate to next (any node that belongs to the specified `graph`)<br>- list of node names to navigate to next<br>- `Send` object<br>- sequence of `Send` objects<br>If `goto` is not specified and there are no other tasks left in the graph, the graph will halt after executing the current superstep. |

Reviewer: list v sequence, best be consistent

```python
from langgraph.graph import StateGraph, START
from langgraph.types import Command
from typing_extensions import Literal, TypedDict

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: str

def my_node(state: State) -> Command[Literal["my_other_node"]]:
    return Command(update={"foo": "bar"}, goto="my_other_node")

def my_other_node(state: State):
    return {"foo": state["foo"] + "baz"}

builder = StateGraph(State)
builder.add_edge(START, "my_node")
builder.add_node("my_node", my_node)
builder.add_node("my_other_node", my_other_node)

graph = builder.compile()
```

With `Command` you can also achieve dynamic control flow behavior (identical to [conditional edges](#conditional-edges)):

```python
def my_node(state: State) -> Command[Literal["my_other_node", "__end__"]]:
    if state["foo"] == "bar":
        return Command(update={"foo": "baz"}, goto="my_other_node")
    else:

>         return Command(goto="__end__")

Reviewer: this doesn't do anything

Author: yea, what's a better way to do this? just `return None`?

Author: one upside of this is that it allows for nicer rendering if you do want to explicitly indicate that something goes to the `END`

Reviewer: just don't return anything
